Art Haven Welcome to Art Haven, your sanctuary for all things art and craft.
Explore, create, and be inspired in this vibrant community of artists and
enthusiasts.

Visit the Live Site: Art Haven Crafted with Passion, Inspired by Creativity
Artistic Showcase: Immerse yourself in a diverse collection of artworks spanning
various mediums and styles, curated to ignite your imagination. Creative
Resources: Access a wealth of resources including tutorials, guides, and tips to
nurture your artistic journey and expand your skills. Community Engagement:
Connect with fellow artists, share your creations, and engage in meaningful
discussions to foster growth and collaboration. Inspiration Hub: Discover
stories behind the art, artist spotlights, and featured works that celebrate the
beauty and depth of human creativity. Interactive Workshops: Participate in live
workshops and events conducted by seasoned artists, offering hands-on learning
experiences and valuable insights. NPM Package Used React Spring: Empower your
web applications with fluid animations and transitions using the React Spring
library, providing a simple and powerful way to animate React components. React
Router: Implement smooth and seamless navigation between different pages and
views in your React applications, enhancing user experience and usability. React
Helmet: Optimize your website's SEO and metadata management with React Helmet,
ensuring better visibility and ranking on search engines. React Icons: Access a
vast library of customizable icons for your React projects, adding visual appeal
and enhancing usability with intuitive iconography. React Hook Form: Simplify
form management and validation in your React applications with React Hook Form,
offering efficient and flexible solutions for handling user input. Animate.css:
Enrich your website with a library of stunning CSS animations, bringing life and
movement to your design elements. AOS: Implement captivating scroll animations
with AOS, enhancing user engagement and visual appeal as elements come into
view. Firebase: Leverage the power of Firebase for seamless data storage,
authentication, and real-time database management in your web applications.
Lottie-react: Integrate Lottie animations effortlessly into your React projects,
adding dynamic and eye-catching visuals. React Awesome Reveal: Create
captivating reveal effects with React Awesome Reveal, adding a touch of elegance
and sophistication to your website.

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md)
  uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc)
  uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh
